Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Plugins 3.2.2 (#3739)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1022-7-0-prefill-custom-data-point-form-in-edit-data-point-dialog.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Prefill custom data point form in Edit data point dialog"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Edit data point dialog now prefilled"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-2c7RdTdXo4"
      label: "Improvement"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2362"
version: "1022.7.0"
---

> The Edit Data Point screen has been enhanced to prefill the form with both standard and custom data points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Edit data point** dialog has been enhanced to be prefilled with both standard and custom data points.
```
